Introduce Cookbook (#424)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/cookbook/submit-transactions.md

---
title: "Submit Transactions | Cookbook"
head:
  - - meta
    - name: description

>       content: "Learn how to submit a transaction in Iroha."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      content: "Learn how to submit transactions in Iroha."
```

# How to Submit a Transaction

See [Create Transactions](create-transactions.md) to learn how to create
a `SignedTransaction` used in the examples below.

```rust
fn submit_transaction_do_not_wait_for_approval(
    iroha: &Client,
    transaction: &SignedTransaction
) {

>     // If the transaction is rejected, the method panics

Author: Is this correct? AFAIK it will panic if transaction is _invalid_ and Iroha doesn't even accept it. And whether it is _approved_ or _rejected_ is decided later.

Reviewer 2: Yep, I overlooked that, thanks.
